this is the story of Santiago a shepherd
boy among gathers in the deep on de
Lucia
many times you have the same dream
traveling the world in search of the
treasure eyes extravagant as a never
found
and what do you do selenium Pincus I
make acidic
I'll work for you
what does that mean Mac two
what's your name faites mouth
I came to tell you this one thing I want
you to be my wife
I love
Oh
put who told you about almonds
everything like there is a universal
language understood by everybody but
forgotten I am in search of that
universal language among as a theme
that's why
I have to find this man who knows about
that we were sold language anarchist
from his home in Spain he journeys to
the exotic markets of power here and
then into the Egyptian desert where
fateful encounter keep the alchemists
away
I'm a part of your dream your destiny
that's why I want you to continue to are
your goal
the Jews are changed right away it's a
desert ever-changing that's the week
will be with all who dares to read the
meaning of the flight of the Hawks
design dare to do so what is the
strangers doing in a strange land
what is the stranger doing in a strange
land I'm following my destiny
it's love something you would understand
following like this run away my destiny
Oh
you